So here I am inside Visual Studio code.
You're going to ignore the code for right now
because we're going to be working on the terminals here.
What I want to do first is talk about the AWS CLI tool.
I'm going to type AWS.
This is the way you verify AWS dash dash version.
That's how you verify whether you have it or not.
If you don't have it, that's okay.
We can come back here to the browser.
I'm going to open a new tab and type AWS CLI tool.
The very first link I'm going to click on that.
This is where you would install is pretty simple to install,
as you can see that you just would do pip install AWS CLI,
and if you're running Windows there's an install
available that you just download and get it running.
So it's really a very trivial task here.
This is the tool that we're going to be using to allow us
to access basically the same thing that we're doing in the AWS console,
but from the command line just typing
commands which is something that we can later script.
So let's go back to Visual Studio code here on the terminal.
Now what I want to do here I will type AWS configure.
This is where I would type those values that we just got.
So let's go back to our browser here.
I'll take the API key,
I'll do a copy,
and then come back here and paste the value.
I'll do the same for the secret key.
So you can see it automatically selects so you don't have to worry about that.
I'll click copy and paste.
Now for the region, I'm going to pick US West two,
this is a specific to the region that we
discuss that would be Oregon in the United States.
The output format is not relevant for our case so we just leave it as none.
That's all these steps are really necessary as long
as you have Internet access and those two keys,
you're all set to use this tool.
Now the question is, How we verify is working?
Usually do aws s3 ls which
will list my s3 buckets or my storage buckets in AWS.
If we get any kind of error,
we wouldn't know right now if we if we mistype the API key or the secret key.
As you can see we get a response immediately.
So that means our tool is working.
If you have any problems there,
you would get an error something that says,
"Access denied or invalid key."
Those are the most common errors that you'll see especially if you forget
to copy a character while you were doing the select copy and paste.
If that's the case just go back,
check the values and if they're not proper you can just always destroy those values
and do the process again of creating another user which will give you API keys.
By the way, you can have a maximum of two keys active at any one time per user.
So if you don't want to have to recreate the user every single time,
you just go in there and we'll see that now how to add additional keys to the same user.